README.md, before:

# Why Test-Driven Development?
<p>
TDD focuses on writing software tests before producing code. It uses automated tools to organize and run tests, and reruns tests frequently as changes are made
to the system during development.
Writing tests first gives you a clearer perspective on the ideal API design.
In few words, writing tests as you add features to your code allows you to obtain reliability and a good code design.
</p>
# Technologies

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/139426?v=3&s=400" width="80" height="80"/>
### Angular 2 
<p>
Angular 2 is the next generation version of the infamous development platform for building web application development. Although Angular 2 is still in the works, the platform claims to add a lot of powerful features and upgrades 
such as mobile specific routing and design as well as performance tweaks in speed and performance. Moreover, Angular's 2 has a complete new syntax since it uses ECMAScript 6 (ES6). Its core (directives, views, components) is now written with types and annotations so 
that code is clean and easy-to-read. While Angular 2 plans to include its own integrated module for writings tests, it is still possible to benefit from well-known
TDD frameworks. In fact, with Angular 2's full support of TypeScript, tests can take the advantage of implicit typing and checking without any runtime overhead.
</p>

<img src="https://cdn1.slant.co/11196-thumb.png" width="80" height="80"/>
### Mocha
<p> Mocha is probably one of the most popular test framework for JavaScript. It provides browser support, asynchronous tests, clean coverage reports, and use of any assertion library.</p>

<img src="http://chaijs.com/public/img/chai-logo.png" width="80" height="80"/>
### Chai
<p> Chai builds upon Mocha and adds useful helpers to perform meaningful test assertions to JavaScript.</p>

# Project Structure Overview
```
tdd-angular2/
 │
 ├──build/								* holds src files that will be transpiled into javascript                             
 │   
 ├──src/                    			* holds typescript written angular 2 components
 │   └──app.ts            				* basic project component, uses angular 2's new standard of defining objects which helps encapsulate behavoir logic 
 │     		   
 │   
 ├──test/                   			* holds typescript written unit tests
 |
 ├──node_modules/           			* contains the project's node packages            
 │
 ├──typings/                			* contains the project's typescript definition files                   
 │	   
 ├──tsconfig.json/  					* configuration for typescript definitions
 ├──package.json						* configuration npm build and dependencies
```
## Setup

## Start with this project as seed *
#### Clone this repository
```bash
	git clone https://github.com/DanH91/ttd-angular2.git
```
#### Install the dependencies
```bash
	npm install
```

## Or setup manually *

### Global requirements
#### Install Typescript
```bash
	npm install typescript -g
```
#### Install Mocha
```bash
	npm install mocha -g
```

### Project dependencies
#### Install Angular2
```bash
	npm install angular2^@2.0.0-alpha.37 --save
```
#### Install Reflect-Metadata
```bash
	npm install reflect-metadata --save
```
#### Install Mocha
```bash
	npm install mocha --save-dev
```
#### Install Chai
```bash
	npm install chai --save-dev
```

#### Typescript dependencies
```bash
	tsd install angular2
	tsd install mocha
	tsd install chai
```

## Usage

## Test

## About Us

Daniel Kobina
Darrel-Day Guerrero

Commit message:

Add test and usage instructions

README.md, after:

# Why Test-Driven Development?
<p>
TDD focuses on writing software tests before producing code. It uses automated tools to organize and run tests, and reruns tests frequently as changes are made
to the system during development.
Writing tests first gives you a clearer perspective on the ideal API design.
In few words, writing tests as you add features to your code allows you to obtain reliability and a good code design.
</p>
# Technologies

<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/139426?v=3&s=400" width="80" height="80"/>
### Angular 2 
<p>
Angular 2 is the next generation version of the infamous development platform for building web application development. Although Angular 2 is still in the works, the platform claims to add a lot of powerful features and upgrades 
such as mobile specific routing and design as well as performance tweaks in speed and performance. Moreover, Angular's 2 has a complete new syntax since it uses ECMAScript 6 (ES6). Its core (directives, views, components) is now written with types and annotations so 
that code is clean and easy-to-read. While Angular 2 plans to include its own integrated module for writings tests, it is still possible to benefit from well-known
TDD frameworks. In fact, with Angular 2's full support of TypeScript, tests can take the advantage of implicit typing and checking without any runtime overhead.
</p>

<img src="https://cdn1.slant.co/11196-thumb.png" width="80" height="80"/>
### Mocha
<p> Mocha is probably one of the most popular test framework for JavaScript. It provides browser support, asynchronous tests, clean coverage reports, and use of any assertion library.</p>

<img src="http://chaijs.com/public/img/chai-logo.png" width="80" height="80"/>
### Chai
<p> Chai builds upon Mocha and adds useful helpers to perform meaningful test assertions to JavaScript.</p>

# Project Structure Overview
```
tdd-angular2/
 │
 ├──build/								* holds src files that will be transpiled into javascript                             
 │   
 ├──src/                    			* holds typescript written angular 2 components
 │   └──app.ts            				* basic project component, uses angular 2's new standard of defining objects which helps encapsulate behavoir logic 
 │     		   
 │   
 ├──test/                   			* holds typescript written unit tests
 |
 ├──node_modules/           			* contains the project's node packages            
 │
 ├──typings/                			* contains the project's typescript definition files                   
 │	   
 ├──tsconfig.json/  					* configuration for typescript definitions
 ├──package.json						* configuration npm build and dependencies
```
## Setup

## Start with this project as seed *
#### Clone this repository
```bash
	git clone https://github.com/DanH91/ttd-angular2.git
```
#### Install the dependencies
```bash
	npm install
```

## Or setup manually *

### Global requirements
#### Install Typescript
```bash
	npm install typescript -g
```
#### Install Mocha
```bash
	npm install mocha -g
```

### Project dependencies
#### Install Angular2
```bash
	npm install angular2^@2.0.0-alpha.37 --save
```
#### Install Reflect-Metadata
```bash
	npm install reflect-metadata --save
```
#### Install Mocha
```bash
	npm install mocha --save-dev
```
#### Install Chai
```bash
	npm install chai --save-dev
```

#### Typescript dependencies
```bash
	tsd install angular2
	tsd install mocha
	tsd install chai
```

## Usage
#### build the project 
```bash
	npm run build 
```
#### run it 
* http-server or alternative is required (you can install it)
```bash  
	npm install http-server -g
```

## Test
```bash
	npm run test
```

## About Us

Daniel Kobina
Darrel-Day Guerrero
